hehehehe my story that me write

“Thanks for coming, Jaxson!” said the party host as I walked away from the building for the night. 

I walked towards the nearest bus stop and had a strange feeling as I did. Normally I would see the city buzzing with people, robots and cars, but there was nothing moving. I figured since it was late, there wasn’t a real reason to be out in this rain. That explains why everyone is still back in the building, waiting out this downpour. The party was great but lasted a bit too long and now I get to face the wrath of my mother because of it. I was bold enough to take out my phone to check it to see if she sent me a message. I sat down on the bench of the bus stop as I turned it on and saw that there wasn’t anything. Guess I got lucky, for now. I logged into my phone and began to write an entry.

‘Tomorrow, or today, is a huge day for me as it is the day i get to go to college. My father always wanted me to get one since he never got the chance.’ I paused as I remembered my father. I looked around trying to get ideas to write about, and I noticed that so much has happened around here. Where I am was the plae to sign up to be enlisted for the army. Most, if not all the pro war propaganda still stood up begging those who walk past to join a never ending war effort. There were cartoon characters with rifles in their arms marching towards the enemy. Posters about women who would fall for any man who joins the ranks. That made me think about how my late father saw one of many propaganda ads and joined the army. His thinking was that this would help him find someone to marry one day. Before I turned 12 years old, there was a conflict just outside the borders and he was one of many who were called to go there. He didn’t come back in exactly one piece. He came home with 3 missing limbs from a shell exploding right above him, and then friendly fire happened while being in the middle of it. 

Just like me, he had those missing limbs and tissue replaced. Before he died of many complications just a few years ago, he was able to walk and hold things despite losing both arms and a leg. He would always say things like “Just doesn’t feel the same,” or “this feels off.” Dad would always talk to me about the difference quite often. But I don’t know what normal feels like at all. He always seemed off since coming back from the last war. Just about everything of me has been replaced so I can’t tell the difference. Even most of my skin is replaced. If it weren't for it, I would have died at birth. I looked at my metal hands and arms while I thought of this. The rain poured longer than what I expected and caused water to run off onto my metal hands and my phone. “Just doesn’t feel the same.” I wrote.

As soon as I finished that sentence, I caught something moving out of the corner of my eye. I turned to look at what it was, but I saw nothing was there. The bus stop that I was in had windows, but also blocked the view to the nearby ground. I stood up to see what it was and saw a metallic dog walking towards the entrance of the bus stop. I watched it get to the opening and it stopped, not even getting out of the rain. Its silhouette contrasted heavily from the grey background. It looked at me with its dark eyes discovering that I am only a survivor of bac-39. It must have been a good minute as we both looked at each other. I waited for it to do something, but I heard footsteps coming to the stop. 

“Hello?” Someone called.

Then the dog's owner came into view. I put my phone away to look at who was coming. The bus sign wasn’t lit up and yet still managed to catch my eye. There wasn’t enough light to see his face and only enough to see the outline of him. When he got up to the dog, he tried to get the dog away from me by pulling its collar. I put down my hands in an attempt to hide the fact that I am a half. 

“Huh… The bus route canceled. Unless you want to wait all night…” The man said. I looked closer at the man and recognized that he was my mom's boyfriend, Paul. I trusted him like I did my father.  

“Hey Paul.” I said.

“Like my new dog? It's the latest model! It can find close friends of yours! Come on! Let’s get out of this rain. Let's go to my diner!” Paul said to me while pulling me out of the bus stop.

I followed Paul to his diner in the rain. “I’m sure you're hungry!” He shouted over the roar of the rain. It seemed to get worse by the second as we walked away from the bus stop. This city should be able to keep up with all this rain. But puddles were getting larger by the second and the drains couldn’t keep up. Once we reached the entrance of the diner, the rain was so much that I could only see about 20 feet in front of me and the wind began to push us backwards. Paul didn’t seem to care about it as he looked unaffected by the wind and rain. I looked down at his leg and saw something that I never knew about him. Normally you wouldn’t see an outline of a robotic leg. Both the rain and the wind revealed something that I never knew about him. He managed to open the door and let all three of us in. The dog knew its place and dried off really fast after entering. Paul marched straight into the kitchen and began to make something for the both of us. 

“I hope you are hungry for a midnight snack! What do you want?” he called from the kitchen.
	
	I did feel a bit hungry, so I replied “Yeah, anythings fine!”

	I sat there thinking how I would bring up his leg. People usually don’t want that kind of thing brought up. People flip over the fact that I am not a robot so I know how it feels. After a bit, Paul came out with three plates. He sat down and said “Two for me, and one for you!” with a smile on his face. I could see why my mother liked him so much. But I had to ask him about his leg.

“The rain sure is coming down.” I said. He took a bite of food and then looked towards the window and saw the rain pushing towards the window.

	“Yeah. It sure is.” Then he swallowed his food. ”I hope it calms down a bit so I can take you home. Your mothers worried about you, you know.” He said.

	I nearly choked on the food that I was eating when he said that my mother was worried. “Worried? Worried how?”

	“She said that she couldn’t get in contact with you, so she told me to look for you here before I left for the night.”

	I pulled out my phone and turned it on. Once the screen lit up, I saw that it wasn’t connected to the service. Then I went to turn it on and a whole flood of messages from her came through at last. I gulped as most of them were sent well over an hour ago telling me that I need to come home before the storm hit.

	“Oh no.” I said in a soft voice.

	“Did you just get her messages? Oh this is bad. Your mother may not believe in us.” Paul said right before he proceeded to shovel food into his mouth. I sent her a message that I was okay and will be going home with Paul. After I sent it, I looked up and just asked him straight out. I knew that I couldn’t steer this conversation towards his leg anymore.

	“So… What happened to your leg? Was it... bac 39?” I asked him.

	“What about my leg- Wait, did she tell you? Did you see it?” He said.

	“The rain soaked your pants and the wind pressed it against your leg. It was easy to figure out the rest.” I said. 

	“Well, Guess there goes that secret.” He said. “But yea, bac 39. Something like that…” I felt like I had asked it wrong by that answer. “At Least it's just my legs that I lost.” It felt like he was trying to get off the subject. People don’t like the fact that they lost a part of their body.

	“At least you have everything else.” I replied.

“Did I offend you? Oh I’m sorry!” Paul said.

This did not go the way that I thought it would go. So now I need to prevent him from thinking that I don’t like him that much.

“Oh no, no. You are fine. I was just trying to make you feel better. I have already come to terms with what happened to me.” I said to him thinking that this would change the subject.

“Oh well then, lets not let this food go cold then.”

We began to eat and Paul turned on the nearby T.V.. It didn’t take long to finish our meal, but as we watched the news, we learned that the Yanix were trying to hold a summit with our leaders after an assasination attempt was made in a safe house bunker of some sorts. We looked at each other as they were reporting and didn’t say anything. Then it went to news about an update to the robots tomorrow. Paul turned off the T.V. and a robot came and took our plates from the table.

“Good robot. Someday we won’t need robots for just about every job.” He turned to me and said “Now let's get to your moms house before she gets any angrier at us!” as he was checking his phone. His phone was beeping with the messages coming from my mother trying to get him to take me home. Paul made a dash back into the diner, through the kitchen and opened the back door to his garage.

“Jaxson! Are you with me?” He said as I was getting up. I also ran back there and got into the garage with him. He opened up his door and the other one opened up automatically. But before I could climb in his car, the robot dog swiftly made its way into the back part of the car through my door. Then I got in the unusually low seat of the car. Paul was eager to show off in this car so as it started with us going fast. Since all the robots were shut down for the night for the update, nothing was watching us speed way over the limit.

As Paul drove in the city, I looked out the window wondering what the morning would bring. Then my mind wandered onto other subjects such as how I was going to explain things to my mother. I watched the party house slowly shrink in the distance, the diner disappeared quickly as soon as we left, and everything else from that city slowly went away. The storm sat right above the city and we got to where we could see both moons in the sky. Both their light shined making everything slightly grey. Paul got onto the freeway and looked around him to see if anyone was there. 

“I think we are alone on the freeway.” I said to Paul.

He nodded and the engine revved really high and I sunk back into my seat as the car quickly acceled. At this pace, we were sure to make it back home sooner than the record that my mother set. Paul must have enjoyed going well over 50 the speed limit.
	
We had broken record time getting to my house. The clock hasn’t changed that much since we first got on the freeway. We both got out and headed towards the front door right before my mother opened it to face both of us. She was clearly upset, but Paul walked over to comfort her and got her to calm down after a good minute of flirting.

	I got inside while the two were talking about tomorrow, and all I could piece together was that Paul was going to come with me to help escort me to the college as an apology for bringing me home so late. I went downstairs to my room and began my usual routine before falling asleep.
Far below the surface of the burning city, there is a secret base that can withstand anything. It can house many people at once and is able to store food and water for years. The main intention for which it was built around was to house the most scientific minds and various people to ensure the continuation of a nation should it be wiped out. However over the years of peace, this changed to housing military generals and political figures of the nation. However this is no longer the case. Only Kyle dares to walk the halls that are full of ever increasing stress. He calmly walks its hallways in search of top secret information about the base that he needs. Information that can call for peace once again. He has already seen enough happen this morning and wishes not to add on to it. But it seems that there is no other option other than allowing it to happen around him. Kyle tries to remember his past to help him remain calm and focused.  He thinks to himself of how his current situation pales in comparison to what happened 4 years ago. He swiftly pulls out a device from his jacket and proceeds to press a few buttons. Suddenly, the blaring alarms cease, creating a gaping hole in the atmosphere of this base.

Kyle stops in the middle of the hallway and says to himself “Alright, what is going on here?”

He looks at the top of the screen to see if any notifications would appear reporting anything of great value and importance. But only the notification of connection errors and issues plague the device causing it to slow down.  In complete disappointment, he shakes the device in an attempt to get it to work, which avails to no results. Now more frustrated, and admittedly pissed off, Kyle shouts “Why do they make these d--n things so cheap?”

The device that Kyle has, is in fact cheaply made. This was no error due to an effort made by the treasury department to cut back spending. This not only affected Kyles device, but also affected other things and caused the “where did all the money go?” incident and an unnamed intern mysteriously became rich that night. This thought came to Kyle's mind and made him giggle a bit as he walked. A little humor goes a long way. Kyle puts the device back into his jacket and continues walking down the hallway. 

Before he gets to the end of the hallway, a loud and terrifying high pitched screech surrounds him for a long and tedious moment. Kyle stops dead in his steps and covers his ears and slowly drops to the ground in agony. Once the noise stopped, Kyle looked around as he uncovered his ears and quickly grasped onto his vest. Thinking that the disturbance was done, he heard a ground shaking thud along with the sound of metal bending and snapping apart from soldered joints. Quick thinking, Kyle squirms to his feet and begins to feel his heart jumping out of his chest. The lights began to flicker in the hallway, slowly losing power and some going dark indefinitely as the base shook.

	One by one, each light goes dark as they don’t receive enough power. The darkness consumes Kyle's mind and waits for something to happen as he still grips the vest that he wears. Then the most unexpected sound rattles him once everything goes silent. He hears something say his name in a very drawn out, deep voice. “....Kyle….” But nothing happens after a moment of waiting for a possible doom. Kyle once again pulls out his device to use as a light source, and his hands begin to shake while holding the device.

	“Alright, enough of getting scared. I have been in much worse than this, so I can do it. Where is it…” Kyle says to reassure himself. He tries to remember a few times where he has gotten in worse places with death riding right behind him. Perhaps a memory of a top secret mission that went horribly wrong would help him. Knowing that worse can happen will help, but that wouldn’t help him in his search for the top secret information.

	Kyle reached the end of the hallway and as he approached the door at the end, he stopped and shined the light in the room. Kyle looked into the room and found nothing of importance, only deactivated service robots. After this, he moved onto the next one, careful of each step he made in the dark hallway to not trip over anything. The next room came to avail no results just as the last room. Only broken robots were noteworthy.

	“I see they still haven't fixed them, after all, I asked them several times to.” Kyle muttered to himself. 

	The third room that Kyle came across had a few computers. Kyle was thrilled that he could finally get what he was looking for. He puts his hand onto the door knob and tries to open it. But he couldn’t move it past a few degrees before it stopped. As Kyle thinks, there was a sound of metal rustling behind him at the beginning of the hallway. But he doesn’t give it any attention.

	“Locked.” Kyle thinks. “Of all things.”

	He steps back and kicks the door open with a sheer amount of force that can kill a man. The door slams on the ground creating a loud echo in the hallway. Kyle lifts his light up so he can see the door on the ground, broken and shattered. Then he walks over to each computer to check to see if any will turn on. All the computers that had to be plugged in and constant;y powered, and all the computers resulted in nothing. Only blackness. There was a mobile computer that he found that was the site director's personal computer. Kyle knew that it must have everything on it, and perhaps the information.

He took the computer from the charging dock and placed it on a table and turned it on. As it began to turn on, Kyle grabbed a chair and sat down. The first image to come up was a picture of the site director and his family. Kyle thought about this and fantasised in his mind about how this family took the news of their father’s death. It must have been hard on them. Kyle's attention was grabbed away by a file that was recently viewed. Perhaps it was about this morning’s emergency. He only knew something terrible had happened and this most certainly peaked his interest.

Kyle clicked on this file and the screen went black as it began to load the video. The video began with a black screen with white lettering that was from a different nation. He recognized it as the yanix. A time code on the top of the screen counted down as information came and went on the screen.

“Did they have something to do with this morning?” He said to himself. Kyle adjusted his seat closer to the table and waited for the information slide to end. Then the count down on the screen reached zero, and it showed a security camera footage. This wasn’t what he was expecting as it was a video of him long ago.

In this video, Kyle approaches an engineer in the room. There is text on the bottom in the language that he understands the most. It reads: “UNKNOWN: Are you saying that this vest helps predict future events?” Kyle noticed that there was no sound, so only the text could serve him well enough.

	“ENGINEER JIINAX: Yes, but to a point.”

	“UNKNOWN: So not really?”

	“ENGINEER JIINAX: Well, events in the very near future.”

	“UNKNOWN: I see. Go on.”

	“ENGINEER JIINAX: Say someone is about to shoot you. And this will alarm you of your possible fate.”

	“UNKNOWN: Is it on right now? Check it.”

	“ENGINEER JIINAX: Why yes-”

	The engineer ducks just as Kyle whips out a gun without making a noise and points it towards the man, missing the shot. Kyle was surprised at his younger self, taking such an action.

	“ENGINEER JIINAX: Are you crazy?!”

	“UNKNOWN: Well, I guess it does work. Sorry for startling ya, just needed to know if this thing really worked like you said. Hand it over now.”

	As soon as Kyle grabs the vest, he shoots the engineer not missing this time.

	“UNKNOWN: Dumb Yanixian.”

	Then the video ends with a black screen. The device's light casted on his face and he could see his reflection on the screen.

“Dumb Yanixian.” Kyle said under his breath.

	“How did that get here?” he thinks to himself. “The site director must have watched this. But how did he get it?”

	Kyle clicks off of the video and sees a text document about how the site director was panicking in a chat room with many peers of his. Seeing a bunch of texts back and forth, he clicked off of that too. But before he could get to anything else, there is a sound that Kyle hears outside of the room. Someone was coming in his direction, screaming, yelling. Then there was a crack that echoed in the hallway as the screams stopped. Kyle quickly turned off the computer and tried to hide it in his jacket, but it was a bit too big to fit comfortably.

	Kyle holds onto his vest, only to realise that his time could come to an end soon. The vest flashed images in his mind as what might go down. A person's steps filled the room as Kyle prepared himself for a fight that could be the end for him. Then this person entered the room completely ominously. Both began to look in the room, trying to see each other and it was peeling at Kyle’s soul. Time seemed to stop for a moment as both were searching for each other. The vest that Kyle wore was warning him of all the things that could go wrong. His mind was never before in such stress. Then, he ducked as a whoosh of air just missed his head. A missed attempt.

	Kyle turned on the device and pointed it at the ceiling of the room to reveal who was there. His eyes were still adjusting from looking at the screen of the computer, but still managed to get some sort of image of who just entered and was about to attack again. But it wasn’t who, or what he expected it to be. For a moment Kyle found himself completely frozen at the mere sight of what appeared to be a robot standing at the entrance of the room. The robot lunged forwards toward Kyle in an attempt to end it quickly. But Kyle dodged the robot making it hit the floor. Kyle's eyes adjusted more for him to see that it was indeed a robot. But it was one of theirs. For the first time, Kyle began to see more details on the robot and began to piece the puzzle together. The robot was bloody with red stains all over the plastic and metal covering and exposed wire hung from the chest. Several bullet holes were visible all over the body. And the face was completely stripped off. It got up and cocked its fists and Kyle managed to kick it back down before it could get another chance to attack him. He pulled out his revolver and shot it 6 times in absolute furry. Each shot made their mark in both the head and chest ensuring to Kyle that it was dead. The processor should have been destroyed, and the battery too.

	But this was no time for Kyle to celebrate this moment, nor to catch his breath. Only enough time to reload the gun with every effort not to make a sound from both the gun and his trembling voice. WIth the sounds of his gun, more of the robots are sure to be on their way to his location. Kyle knew that if any robot were to behave like this, other robots would take it down. Since the power went out, it should have come back on by now from the engineer bots who take care of everything. Kyle adjusted the computer in his jacket and made his way out of the room with his phone to illuminate his path and held his gun out ready to shoot anything that was threatening.

The hallway never felt so dangerous and deadly. Each step felt like a chance at death and everything around him felt like it was out to get him. Kyle thought to himself as he walked. “Why would a robot attack me like that? Their programming should have stopped it!” But his thoughts were soon interrupted at the sight of moving objects at the beginning of the hallway. For sure, they were robots. Putting confidence in himself, Kyle approached them to see if it was just the one that was hostile. The robots took notice of the light and turned their heads towards it. Kyle second guessed his idea, but pursued it anyways. He needed to know if they were still on his side.

“Attention, what team are-”

Before Kyle could get any more words out, a robot quickly darted towards him. As it got closer, Kyle adjusted his aim and saw a perfect place to put a bullet in. He pulled the trigger just before it got fairly close to him. It fell to the ground and slid, but revealed that behind it were more robots coming towards him. Kyle stepped back a few steps as he carefully aimed at each one marking them perfectly. Only one shot remained in his gun, but with each shot means that the robots know where he was. “The scream earlier” Kyle thought, “Was that a robot really killing someone?!”

Kyle reached to his vest and gave up the moment of light to know if he was about to die. He ducked and a bullet whizzed past his head and would have been a fatal shot. “The guard robots d----t!” Kyle thought as he grunted and jumped for cover. He picked up one of the fallen robots and used it as a shield for the incoming bullets. He now only hoped that none of the bullets would rip through the robots body and get to him. But only standing there would be suicide. Kyle managed to escape into a room nearby him and closed the door.

	The door locks as soon as it closes. Kyle didn’t see it, but will aid him to survive as the robots began to pound on the door. Kyle used his light to light up the room and discovered what was around him. Guns, ammo, and armor. The information that he was looking for was no longer a priority, as he now has the means to get out alive. Only to get lost in a search and now desperate for an escape. “Well, if it isn’t what I didn’t know what I wanted.” Kyle said to himself.

	The pounding on the door by the robots began to slowly weaken the door. Rushing with the thought of being killed by robots, Kyle swiftly covers himself with all the armor he could possibly get his hands on. He also arms himself with a shotgun that has a clip of 8. Sliding the bullets in, the pounding created a rhythm for him as he worked to save his life. Then the door went silent and Kyle thought that this was a great opportunity to shoot the door down. Kyle yelled just before pulling the trigger.

	“You’ll regret what you’ve done!” Kyle shouted just before pulling the trigger. The door withstood the blast but now is covered in holes. Kyle could see through those holes and for a moment he saw a few robots fall to the floor. But the guard robots seemed unaffected. He chambered the gun and shot again, only to hear the pellets ricochet behind the door.

	Just when Kyle realised that the bullets were not effective and before complete despair set in, a loud crashing noise rang from down the hallway and moved towards where he was. A slow but strong wave of water rushed into the room and pushed the guard robots down onto the floor of the hallway and gently moved them further down. Kyle stood there as water entered his shoes trying to wrap his mind around what just happened. 

	“W- water? Where did that come from?” He thought. But without any further delay, he took his only light source and looked around the room. Behind him he found a control panel that was broken. Perhaps that could be an explanation, but atlas, the reason came to Kyle as he remembered the weather report. The rainy season has arrived and since these robots aren’t exactly doing what they're supposed to do, it makes sense! The drainage system was shut off and now is completely unmonitored. This was no small issue and for this amount of water to break into the base meant that the city nearby was completely overcome with this flood.

	The sound of the rushing water was loud enough to move around undetected. A perfect opportunity to escape the close and real grip of death. Kyle moved to the doorway to peak out to see where the robots were. To his surprise, there were a few trying to get up in the water and falling over with every attempt. Now that it seemed that everything was dealt with at the moment, Kyle opened up the computer where he stood and tried to search for a room's location. But with every attempt to locate it, there were no results popping up. Kyle logged into his account and had to put in a pin code just to get that result he needed. As soon as he got the room location, he closed the computer and shot it at its hard drive, ensuring that this secret would never get out and tossed it into the water.

	“I’m coming, Koroskor.” Kyle said under his breath.

	Kyle annoyingly took 13 flights of stairs further into the ground. Once he got to the floor he needed to get to, there was a large metallic door with a keypad. Kyle went up to it and punched in the same numbers he used before on the computer to get the result. It opened, but just a little before the backup battery died and submerged into the water. After yanking at the door, Kyle managed to slip through and got into the main lab area. There was a window that overlooked a tightly locked chamber that had a light on. Kyle went up against the window and saw the comfortable room set up. A person was living in this locked up room. Kyle knocked on the glass to get his attention, but didn’t seem to work. So Kyle went down to the main door to the room and opened it. As it began to open, it flung open as this person grasped Kyle by his neck and proceeded to place him in a choke hold.

	“Its… ITs me!” Kyle managed to say.

	Kyle waited for the person to let go which never came. The person lowered their head to look closer to him. Running out of breath, Kyle tried to say more, but only got out a short agonising gasp which managed to echo throughout the area. THen the person stepped back and let go of his neck.

“Oh, Kyle. It's you. Accept my apology, I thought you were one of them.” The person said.

	Kyle fell to the floor trying to catch his breath while caressing his neck. “Try to be more careful next time! It felt like my neck caved in- wait. ‘One of them?’”

	“I trust that you met them already?” The person said while walking back into the chamber.

	“The robots?” Kyle said.

“Come, sit down. It's the least I can offer at this time.”

Kyle walked into the chamber with complete trust for this individual. He sat down on the chair next to him.


	“Listen closely. Yes, you are correct. The robots are attacking us.” The person said.

	“No way. That can’t happen! They are programmed to never attack us.”

	“Unless they were hacked and given such instruction, Kyle. I have foreseen this happening. It has already been 2 hours since this all began. And I am afraid that in the next two hours from now, more than half of all life will be destroyed. And I mean all life. Even plants and animals.”

	“I… what… who?”

	“I cannot see that. No matter how hard i try, I can’t see who or what is behind this.”

	“All life. You can’t be serious about that! Do you know what you are saying?”

	“Yes, but I have also seen more than just destruction. Kyle, The Koroskii are rising once again. I have seen the faces of the other 11. They are located globally. All male this time… I wonder why… Oh. Are we the only ones who are able to uphold this promise? This can’t be good.”

	“Am I one-”

	“No, you unfortunately are not one of us.”

	“Didn’t your father say that I will be one?”

	“Not at this time, perhaps later on.”

	“If I were to become one later… Who dies?!”

	“Many will. It is unbearable to see how many will.”

	“Is there anyway we could help?”

	“I have seen two possibilities to the future, but the one we should hope for cannot come to pass if we discuss this further. We must go.” The person said as he stood up.

	“Right. Lets get to the surface.”


Chapter six is about Jaxson waking up and stumbling towards a military truck. Passes out and wakes up to a robotic creature dragging him until hostile robots attack. He witnesses the horrors of what is happening.
I fell and rolled onto soft soil just after exiting the unstable portal. The dirt was dark brown and filled with life that I never thought I’d see. It covered me as I dug into the ground unintentionally while rolling away from what was once a portal to a dying planet. Once the portal went away, the light from the setting sun dimly lit the area. I stood up and brushed myself off, looking around for hope in the possibility that someone else came through the portal with me. But that hope was dead before I knew. I walked to an open area to get a good idea of the place, but only found rocks and a cliff. I sat down on some rocks, not knowing what to do.

I must have sat there for ages, on those rocks next to a cliff that bordered the vast ocean. I contemplated all that had happened up to that moment in time. A bad idea, but I allowed myself to act poorly. As I gazed into the horizon unable to look away, seeing all that is beautiful in this new world, I couldn’t think anything of it. The skies reminded me of the red light that dominated everything as the fires raged back home. I remembered the final moments of my world before it perished. But there wasn’t a single movement from me, not even to bow my head in respect for those who died. They're all gone, and I did nothing for them, just sitting there in shock. All my friends, family, even strangers died trying to save what was left of our world. I’m sorry, but it was all in vain, it's just me you saved. The horrors of what I faced must have locked me up at this moment as I remembered in that calm area. I couldn’t seem to recall anything non-violent. Let alone anyones faces which are too many to distinguish. Now those have become a collective mass in my mind, just one face, unyielding to tell whom it was. Altogether, and yet they’re not? I have forgotten them all now.

 I felt abandoned, yet, I felt that I did the same to them. That should at least get me to do something, right? A voice spoke in my mind as a memory graced it. It was one of the soldiers saying that this war would be over before we knew it. I wanted to break down and cry right there and wake up from this terrible dream. But I was too scared to let out anything. The sounds didn’t stop. I wanted to see my mother. She’d know what to do. Tell me that this is all in my own mind… But she's gone… isn’t she? 

“Gone...” I said softly.

My mind then went into a memory. Not just a simple recall, but a retelling of the experience like I was there. It hurt my mind as I watched the red skies and thought that it was the fires of the cities burning after the atomic device detonated just over it. My own mind convinced me that it was happening again. But before I actually feared, I thought I saw a hand stretch out before me. It stopped most of the pain and I don’t know how to exactly describe the feeling it let on. The shockwave reached over the waters and it all felt real in my own mind. Was this one of those experiences veterans have?

At some point, my mind returned to me from that deep dark pit. I shook out of it as the sun began to set behind the clouds in the distance, making the air around me cool and the sky was no longer red. I could not remove my eyes from the darkening sunset, it was too kind to me with the feeling it gave me. It was so foreign to me now, the sense of peace around me and safety that I could have only imagined in dreams. My mind locked onto it and I thought of how beautiful it was. My mind at last began to rest from the horrors. I saw the light from the sun begin to disappear, so I looked above me and the dark clouds had already gathered around the area. I realized that I finally moved, but how much time passed? Looking around me I saw a figure in the distance behind where I sat, looking straight at me and even pointing. It appeared to be guiding someone, waving towards an area before it vanished into thin air right before my eyes. Is there life here? Or is my mind playing tricks on me? I thought. The storm began to roll over me, flashing its lightning with no thunder to be heard. Finally, my hud reported 12 percent power left, which is about 18 hours before my inevitable death.

 I knew it was coming. Did I really want to wait for the end? Just a few steps further from where I was and it could all be over. I don’t have to keep my eyes open as long as I walk forward. I thought that. How? I don’t know. These thoughts wandered in my empty, tired, and degraded mind. The suppressed emotions persuaded the thoughts to the point that I got up, but something weighed me down. Only a few inches is all I could get. A hand, many of them were on my shoulders. I looked behind me and no one was there. Still, something was there. Was it them? Those who died? Those I knew? Did they want me to suffer? Were they telling me to stay there? Is there anything left for me? The weight grew and grew that it felt like everyone I knew was trying to keep me alive. I tried to fight it with no success. It was like they all had somehow convinced the Creator to come and comfort me. Could it be that they all came? 

At that moment, I felt like my entire family was there resting their hands on my shoulders begging me not to do it. It wasn’t just my immediate family, but also their parents, and their parents, so on and so forth until the beginning of time. They all wanted me to live, to seek out a new life. But I wanted to end it, but their pleas stopped me.

