r/nofap motivational posts
begin: I always thought NoFap was a god send, that if you completed 50+ days, you will get all the hot ladies like a magnet and become a greek god, with unstoppable abilities.

I don't think like that anymore, and I actually couldn't care less if I saw some naked chick or I accidentally jerked off.

I went on streaks of NoFap, and the whole time I was stressed about not touching my dick and accidentally seeing Porn, and If I saw some bikini pic, I would come straight here to ask if I relapsed.

This is what its like now, I dont give a shit if I accidentally come across some naked chick, I am not gonna watch porn, but if I accidentally come across an image, I am most likely gonna get rid of it, and move. Like fucken move on man, its not that big of a deal, just do something else.

I swear, my life is so much better now, not constantly having to worry about this shit. I can focus on my life, and I dont have to worry about seeing a naked chick, or ruining my streak.

I still participate in NoFap, because I do avoid porn and masturbation in general.

Friendly reminder : read this only if you're free rn. If you have work to do, stop wasting time. Put the phone down, and get back to work.

With that said, I'll say my story now.

I was 12 or 13, didn't have a phone back then. Used other family members' phones for my entertainment (like listening to songs, watching funny stuff, etc.)

One day I took my cousin's phone. Went to Google for something, and saw this specific word he searched. It felt funny at that time, and it made me curious to know what that is. Little did I know, that was something that could cost my life.

Clicked on it, saw a site with the same name, clicked on that too, and boom. Reached a world that made me feel disgusted and weird. But then I kinda liked watching it somehow. And my fucked up ass didn't have the audacity to report this to someone else in the house.

I started taking his phone more often. Started watching it too much to the point that, I even searched for those in others phones when I couldn't get his. I was so desperate to watch this shit somehow.

And then masturbation came with it, and boom. An addiction took birth in me, an addiction to something I never wanted in the first place.

My behaviour changed, my perspective towards women changed. I started sexualizing stuff in my mind. I could never see women in a good way anymore. I treated my boredom with porn and adult stuff to such a point, I almost got caught at times.

Later on, I heard my friends talking about this. And this made me think that it was all normal and cool to do. So it escalated like heck. Even if I didn't get access to porn, I masturbated almost everyday.

Times occured when I was alone in the house, and I couldn't get anything else to do, other than porn with jacking off.And also, on purpose, I cut off all my possibilities of being around people, just to do this shit.

I became less talkative, I became shy around girls, couldn't talk to them properly. My academic performance went downhill. I later believed that maybe I was an introvert, while in fact, I made myself like this.

Fast forward to today, turned 19 a few days ago. And I'm still in the hold of this trap. Luckily came to know about NoFap, and how adverse things like these can get almost a year ago, had been trying to quit since.

I wasted my 7 robust years, of a happy and fun childhood I would've got, because of this. And I don't want anybody else to fall this hard and deep into this.

Please guys, don't watch porn. You don't need it, you won't miss out on anything if you don't watch it. It will kill your personality and change you as a whole. It's high time you stop watching it. No stopping tomorrow, stop today, NOW!!
Its ok . I know you think that you were in control .. actually you were not . This time , you are having post-nut clarity. Think about what went wrong . Many of you peeked and then came the relapse . I can feel you . Calm Down . There is a way out . Everyone likes to have fun . Just , you need to remember that porn..... is not enjoyable. Its combining the happyness you are gonna get in one week.. and compressing it in one second. But the fact is... you dont feel that happyness. its hard to feel one week in one second . So technically , porn is taking away your joy . I know it looks like it never ends . It does . You are sure to get out of it . Remember , porn is the worst thing that could happen to you . You are a victim but you need to fight back... You are a good person . Porn is bad . Thats why you think you are bad because you watch porn . No need to beat yourself . Just say that relapse happened. it is not happening . i cant change the past , but i can change the future . This is hard but i have decided that.
A porn addiction and compulsive sexual behavior recovery peer support forum. We host rebooting challenges in which participants ("Fapstronauts") abstain from pornography and masturbation for a period of time. Whether your goal is casual participation in a monthly challenge as a test of self-control, or whether excessive masturbation or pornography has become a problem in your life and you want to quit for a longer period of time, you will find a supportive community and plenty of resources here.
Looking back 3 months I am in sheer disbelief at the progress made. A weak creepy balding perving fapper with no self control and serious depression to a fit, loving man with his hair growing back who can shut off urges at the drop of a hat, be content, face uncomfortable truths, be disciplined, do strenuous exercise, cold showers and deep work daily, grow amazing new friendships with lovely women in a non sexual way, journal and reflect, get closer to God, start new businesses, start new blogs and focus on moral character daily.

Marcus Aurelius spoke of when having the right mindset for 3 yrs is as good as living for 100 without it. These 3 months honestly feel as if they have had 10 yrs progress. It is 100% worth it. Keep pushing and shut off your low frequency shit like perving, fantasizing and watching porn for real goals, find a wife and real progress. You have a role in this world to be a beacon of light to those around you and busting a nut to your imagination will only cover that light with darkness. Wake up and get to work. You have a job to do!

