Title: Spooky Mod
Author: u/american-oil (original mod: Chrisbot6 and Demian)
Originaly called support_Renderman, Adds a survival horror aspect to the game with so much more.

Notes: 
  
	I hope that Chrisbot6 is okay with this...

	If you have any ideas or suggestions for this mod (not gamemodes, you do that), please tell me about it on reddit: u/american-oil
		I want ideas. I'm very passionate about programming so this is likely your chance to get these ideas in.
	It is possible that there are actual glitches in this code. I've hunted them down as I've encountered them.
	If you find one, please report it to me on reddit @ u/american-oil. I am active so if you message me about it, I should respond.
		One glitch that may happen is a miscount of prepper. I've seen this once and was not able to replicate it.
		Another is that the one kill happy prepper will glitch out and not respawn again (has only happened once) 
		Last one I can think of is sometimes any type of renderman or your player model will litteraly 'switch' everything
			Idk how to explain it, but rendermen are suddenly white and the player model is inverted with its cosmetics and color
			
			
	Rendermen will complain about the void. What is this void? What could it be? Who sent them there? Why are they trying to come into our dimension?
			
	Feel free to open up the zip file and explore the code. I commented on the changes and some of the origional code. Laugh at what I wrote, or not.
	
	Last thing: I will not add satanic/devilish themes. You can. I wont.
	
Changes:

Added and replaced spoopy noises:
	+More ambient sounds and jumpscares
		TONS OF SOUNDS
	+Music depending on the situation
		Three levels of music from slow to really upbeat
	+Decreased the sound level and 'amount' of "fuckingshit" so that its not as annoying
		replaced this sound in released version to a more annoying sound
	+All sounds, except indoorgrowl and a few others, now plays in 2d rather than 3d (client and server)
		This allows for better sound to play while playing. Other players WILL NOT HEAR what you hear
	+Increased the amount of ambient music that plays according to the amount of rendermen and preppers.
		
	
Added a very scary face texture that people might not like
	Note: I can remove if requested

Models:
	Edited the detector model
		Added buttons and removed some mesh from the main screen
	Added a new glitch gun model (bugged)
		Glitch gun is glitched. Wow.

Gameplay changes:
	Holding the detector no longer attracts rendermen to you
		Glitch sounds occasionaly play while holding the detector
	Renderman is now actually killable (Ouch! that really hurts!)
		+Prepper is too
		+Killed entities will usualy play a random sound
	Increased the limit of rendermen from 5 to 99 (Ideal amount is about 10)
	(Admins can use the detectors to see how many rendermen are in the game) - Removed
	Admins now have the option of constantly detecting renderman via server settings
	Rendermen now teleport more often
	

Added 'preppers':
	Added a "safe to look at" prepper that kills players within a radius when it disappears. This will run at its target if the argo is set high enough.
	Added a "safe to look at" prepper that has a chance of exploding and even running towards its target.
	Preppers will have lights according to the server prefs.
	Preppers do not increase the renderman count, but rather have their own 'levels' that are detected by the detector
	
Added more options in the renderman settings tab:
	-Renderman Cycle time (dev) - does not work
	-Use music? - currently bugged
	-Should Rendermen only spawn when its dark? - I cant find the code which actually does this. If you know, please let me know
	-Use scary faces? - bugged at the moment
	+Admins always detect rendermen? - All admins will detect renderman reguardless if they are holding a detector
	+Prepper argo and spawnrate
		Spawnrate CAN BE SET to 'yes' which means that every 4 seconds atleast one WILL APPEAR
	+Use Prepper?
	+Can prepper kill?
		This is the one prepper that kills within a certain radius

Other changes:
	Increased the time that faces last in the air
	Renderman (the ones you cant look at for long) come in all sizes now!
		X and Y scales are now randomized so you can get some really phat ones now 
	

Added more chat commands that you can use:
	/rendermancount - (unprotected) announces to the server the count of the rendermen (non prepper)
	/rendermanadmindetect - (admin only) makes the admins able to detect all the time
	
You can use these console commands to test:
	function createPrepperA(%pos)
	function createPrepperB(%pos)
	
	
Credits:

Chrisbot6 and Demian for the original mod

Original Blockland renderman mod (used for the preppers)

Blockland programming forum

The following credits are required for certain sounds:

Alex Nekita - "Action scene explosion" (alexnekita.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
(used in the after death music)
