Isaac Dredge, the creator of this AlgorythmicInstruction
She's gonna go all Carrie on that school if they dont stop spitting wads at her lol.
Eleven: This is will be the best spring break ever.
Demogorgon: Hold my beer for the 100th time.
Max in season 3: "There's so much more to life than stupid boys."
The demogorgon, mind flayer, demodogs, russian underground scientists, Hawkins lab, everyone else: "Ok well DUH."
This trailer in a nutshell: ”Well that escalated quickly.”
"we're gonna have the best spring break ever"
The Mind Flayer and Russia: I'm about to end this woman's whole career.
This poor schmuck.
I read the manga, so I can safely assure you that there is more under the surface here than just an annoying girl bullying some poor guy. Some of her behavior early on is legitimately mean so I can understand why that might annoy some people out of the show but honestly that's kinda the point. We watch this girl's teasing get less and less contemptible as she grows sincerely ...
So as of writing this only the first episode is out and everyone on Twitter was crying about it so I decided to give it a go. Normally I'm not into comedic/romance animes but this 1st episode has a really nice art style and I am actually intrigued. It's simple but unique and is very accurate to its manga counterpart. The studio has done an amazing job so far and if you consider the bullying a ...
So, back into the smug female protag and wimpy or antisocial male protag trope, but this time with some actual serious teasing occurring from the female side and a male protag that actually portrays some realism in how boys of his age react, (particularly introverted high schoolers)
This show portrays a character who is ready to stand directly on the fine line between teasing and actual ...
I went into this show knowing nothing about it and just expected a mildly fun time.
But quite to my surprising, I couldn't hold back a smile for the whole first episode.
While this Anime seems (cuz only first episode) to contain comedy on a level comparable to classics such as Danshi Koukousei no Nichijou, Nichijou or Asobi Asobase (highly recommend them), a lot of ...
Go support this gem of an anime. We have waited so long for this to get an anime adaptation and its finally here. For those that have never even heard of this girl, you're in for a treat. Animation is solid. Has a lot of laughs and cringe moments. She will be considered a fan favorite waifu for the non manga readers.
I was afraid this show would've been frustrating to watch, but after only a small amount of episodes, I was hooked and wanted to see this goofy relationship grow! I am not a huge anime fan, but this show brings a unique feel to it. No other show has embraced characters like these. Unlike most shows and anime I've watched, sexual events aren't as "romantic" and aren't "comedic" but rather show of ...
I truly hope that there is a season 2 of this and many more as this is what got me back into anime after 2 years and I feel that many people have the same experience.
A new season may take a few years but ill wait.
please make something like this again and dont take forever. And i hope someone dies or something dramatic happens or they actually start dating, make it long deep, thats what she said. sorry goodbye. im adding some more letters because crunchyroll does no accept this short review.
The story is A+ amazing character development and very cute moments and great voice actors. If your looking for a funny cute kinda romance anime this is great for you. The show isnt finished yet but i still give it a 10/10 for perfect story (Excited to see how it turns out!!!!)
Filled with humor and awkward tension created by both characters. I absolutely love how they grow and show their true hidden feelings. a must watch! each episodes places them in unique situations where they are pitted against their ideals and they must either evolve or shrink back to who they were before.
Master piece of going back to my high school years! Some people just don't know how to show affection and recognizing these people are key! These are the people that can show the most love when their shell is finally broken as well as requiring the most love of anyone else! She is super cute and their chemistry is just amazing!
I'm not one for writing reviews on anime because well I'm a lazy weeb on the internet and don't have time for that. I've always loved the romance genera of anime and wanted to see if this one had any kick. IT DOES. Despite it's sometimes raunchy humor it captures a bit of what it was like exploring growing up and discovering feelings for another. Good anime. Watch.
The anime art is staying super true to the manga art, and even the exact phrases seem to be used. It's looking to be a near perfect adaptation, with my only wish being that both the main character's voices were deeper by the slightest amount to fit the mental image that I held.
I think this is also going to be one of the anime where you can go straight from the last episode to the next manga ...
I really thoroughly enjoyed reading the manga, rest assured the first episode is an absolute banger if you have followed the series. It stayed true to the manga and gave life to the characters in a new way. The voice acting also was a breathe of fresh air too!
Will follow the series to the end.
One of my favorite romantic comedy animes of all time! I loved seeing the character development and cant wait for season 2 to show how their relationship evolves. Nagatoro is such a fun character and the MC is funny and at times frustrating, in a good way.
